OSDOCS-12356: Add OVN-Kubernetes secondary network mapping (#87994)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuration-ovnk-network-plugin-json-object.adoc

|
If topology is set to `localnet`, the specified VLAN tag is assigned to traffic from this additional network. The default is to not assign a VLAN tag.

|`physicalNetworkName`
|`string`
|

> The name of the physical network to which the OVN overlay connects. When omitted, the default value is the `name` of the `localnet` network. By using this field, you can reuse the same physical network mapping with multiple network overlays. Ensure that a different `vlanID` is used when sharing the same physical network between overlays.

Reviewer: The user may actually want to "mix" the networks ... Not sure if that's a use case or not.

But this could go the other way around, something like:
```suggestion
The name of the physical network to which the OVN overlay connects. When omitted, the default value is the `name` of the `localnet` network. By using this field, you can reuse the same physical network mapping with multiple network overlays. Consider using a different `vlanID` when sharing the same physical network between overlays in order to keep the networks isolated, if desired.
```

I'm not sure it reads better. Maybe better to get feedback from stake-holders.

@phoracek / @jcaamano do you have a strong opinion here ?

> If topology is set to `localnet`, you can reuse the same physical network mapping with multiple network overlays. Specifies the name of the physical network to which the OVN overlay connects. When omitted, the default value is the `name` of the localnet network. Ensure that a different VLAN tag is used when sharing the same physical network between overlays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If topology is set to `localnet`, you can reuse the same physical network mapping with multiple network overlays. Specifies the name of the physical network to which the OVN overlay connects. When omitted, the default value is the `name` of the `localnet` network. Ensure that a different VLAN tag is used when sharing the same physical network between overlays.
```
